c:\users\roshan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CoffeeAndCompany\CoffeeAndCompany\bin\Debug\CoffeeAndCompany.exe
c:\users\roshan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CoffeeAndCompany\CoffeeAndCompany\bin\Debug\CoffeeAndCompany.pdb
c:\users\roshan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CoffeeAndCompany\CoffeeAndCompany\obj\x86\Debug\CoffeeAndCompany.frmintro.resources
c:\users\roshan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CoffeeAndCompany\CoffeeAndCompany\obj\x86\Debug\CoffeeAndCompany.frmlogin.resources
c:\users\roshan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CoffeeAndCompany\CoffeeAndCompany\obj\x86\Debug\CoffeeAndCompany.frmsignup.resources
c:\users\roshan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CoffeeAndCompany\CoffeeAndCompany\obj\x86\Debug\CoffeeAndCompany.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\roshan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CoffeeAndCompany\CoffeeAndCompany\obj\x86\Debug\CoffeeAndCompany.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\roshan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CoffeeAndCompany\CoffeeAndCompany\obj\x86\Debug\CoffeeAndCompany.exe
c:\users\roshan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CoffeeAndCompany\CoffeeAndCompany\obj\x86\Debug\CoffeeAndCompany.pdb
C:\Users\Roshan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CoffeeAndCompany\CoffeeAndCompany\obj\x86\Debug\CoffeeAndCompany.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Roshan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CoffeeAndCompany\CoffeeAndCompany\obj\x86\Debug\CoffeeAndCompany.frmresetpass.resources
C:\Users\Roshan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CoffeeAndCompany\CoffeeAndCompany\obj\x86\Debug\CoffeeAndCompany.frmdashboard.resources
C:\Users\Roshan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CoffeeAndCompany\CoffeeAndCompany\obj\x86\Debug\CoffeeAndCompany.frmstock.resources
C:\Users\Roshan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CoffeeAndCompany\CoffeeAndCompany\obj\x86\Debug\CoffeeAndCompany.frmlowstock.resources
C:\Users\Roshan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CoffeeAndCompany\CoffeeAndCompany\obj\x86\Debug\CoffeeAndCompany.frmdelivery.resources
C:\Users\Roshan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CoffeeAndCompany\CoffeeAndCompany\obj\x86\Debug\CoffeeAndCompany.frmcustomer.resources
C:\Users\Roshan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CoffeeAndCompany\CoffeeAndCompany\obj\x86\Debug\CoffeeAndCompany.frmdriver.resources
C:\Users\Roshan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CoffeeAndCompany\CoffeeAndCompany\obj\x86\Debug\CoffeeAndCompany.frmsales.resources
C:\Users\Roshan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CoffeeAndCompany\CoffeeAndCompany\bin\Debug\CoffeeAndCompany.exe.config
C:\Users\Roshan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CoffeeAndCompany\CoffeeAndCompany\obj\x86\Debug\CoffeeAndCompany.CC_changepassword.resources
F:\CoffeeAndCompany\CoffeeAndCompany\bin\Debug\CoffeeAndCompany.exe.config
F:\CoffeeAndCompany\CoffeeAndCompany\obj\x86\Debug\CoffeeAndCompany.exe
F:\CoffeeAndCompany\CoffeeAndCompany\obj\x86\Debug\CoffeeAndCompany.pdb
F:\CoffeeAndCompany\CoffeeAndCompany\obj\x86\Debug\CoffeeAndCompany.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
F:\CoffeeAndCompany\CoffeeAndCompany\obj\x86\Debug\CoffeeAndCompany.CC_changepassword.resources
F:\CoffeeAndCompany\CoffeeAndCompany\obj\x86\Debug\CoffeeAndCompany.frmcustomer.resources
F:\CoffeeAndCompany\CoffeeAndCompany\obj\x86\Debug\CoffeeAndCompany.frmdashboard.resources
F:\CoffeeAndCompany\CoffeeAndCompany\obj\x86\Debug\CoffeeAndCompany.frmdelivery.resources
F:\CoffeeAndCompany\CoffeeAndCompany\obj\x86\Debug\CoffeeAndCompany.frmdriver.resources
F:\CoffeeAndCompany\CoffeeAndCompany\obj\x86\Debug\CoffeeAndCompany.frmintro.resources
F:\CoffeeAndCompany\CoffeeAndCompany\obj\x86\Debug\CoffeeAndCompany.frmlogin.resources
F:\CoffeeAndCompany\CoffeeAndCompany\obj\x86\Debug\CoffeeAndCompany.frmlowstock.resources
F:\CoffeeAndCompany\CoffeeAndCompany\obj\x86\Debug\CoffeeAndCompany.frmresetpass.resources
F:\CoffeeAndCompany\CoffeeAndCompany\obj\x86\Debug\CoffeeAndCompany.frmsales.resources
F:\CoffeeAndCompany\CoffeeAndCompany\obj\x86\Debug\CoffeeAndCompany.frmsignup.resources
F:\CoffeeAndCompany\CoffeeAndCompany\obj\x86\Debug\CoffeeAndCompany.frmstock.resources
F:\CoffeeAndCompany\CoffeeAndCompany\obj\x86\Debug\CoffeeAndCompany.Properties.Resources.resources
F:\CoffeeAndCompany\CoffeeAndCompany\obj\x86\Debug\CoffeeAndCompany.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
